# Text Search with Gemini
This repository contains a **Text based** Streamlit application that interacts with the Gemini Pro model from Google Generative AI to provide answers to user questions. The application is designed to be simple and user-friendly, allowing users to input questions and receive responses in real-time.

## Introduction
This project demonstrates how to integrate the Gemini Pro model from Google Generative AI into a Streamlit application. Users can ask questions in multiple languages and receive responses generated by the model.

## Features
- Simple and intuitive user interface
- Real-time question and answer functionality
This Gemini Application supports **all [languages listed](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/models/gemini#available-languages)**,  like as :
	- Arabic (ar)
	- Bengali (bn)
	- Bulgarian (bg)
	- Chinese (zh)
	- Croatian (hr)
	- English (en)
	- Hindi (hi)
	- ...and many more.

## Installation
To run this application locally, follow these steps:

1. **Prerequisites:**
	- Ensure that your development environment have Python 3.9+ version.

2. **Clone the repository:**

	```bash
	https://github.com/pranavnachankar/text-search-with-gemini.git
	cd text-search-with-gemini
	```

3. **Install the required packages:** `if required`

	```bash
	pip install -r requirements.txt
	```

3. **Set up the Google Generative AI API key:**

	Ensure you have your [API key](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/api-key) set up in your environment variables:

	```bash
	export GOOGLE_AI_API_KEY='your-api-key'
	```

4. **Run the Streamlit application:**

	```bash
	streamlit run main.py
	```

## Usage

1. Enter your question in the text input field.
2. Click the "Ask to Gemini" or hit enter button to get a response.

[NOTE : You may receive response bit slower as we are using free service of Google, try to switch GCP for better performance delivery]

## Demo :
<video width="600" controls>
  <source src="Demo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>


## Acknowledgements

- [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/)
- [Google Generative AI](https://ai.google.dev/)


## Disclaimers
- The Services include experimental technology and may sometimes provide inaccurate or offensive content that doesn't represent Google's views.
- Use discretion before relying on, publishing, or otherwise using content provided by the Services.
- Don't rely on the Services for medical, legal, financial, or other professional advice. Any content regarding those topics is provided for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for advice from a qualified professional. Content does not constitute medical treatment or diagnosis.